hey alls Travis in wuhan for the third
day of world groups presented by mobile
it exciting right now by peanut who I've
not seen since Chicago of last year as
well as David who's gonna help translate
peanut I'd love to ask you a little bit
about that game against AHQ how do you
feel about it because maybe I did not
see as much of the SKT confidence that I
am used to
Oh HQ wanna check you out today media
struck me everyone do Hongkou Camus
automatons I think I'm getting is haram
what doesn't agree with us or kissing
like a Chanel jacket so I'm acting dumb
a tiny garden song about the 2000
subsidiaries of container I'm too young
or come on how ok my head is all just op
secret report on what in the early game
we were at the disadvantages side so
obviously we had to lose that confidence
that we used to have and when we started
to get advantages we I think we regain
that confidence now I'm very curious
that you have a chance to watch the
Samsung game earlier and were if so were
what did you think of Samsung losing to
orangey time an orangey I can guess how
could something you forget them when you
Oh orange I don't know Chuck ok high
target hard hit on what they could go
down well in your tournament could tap
beer on pool she could place a piece of
al-qaeda taco chopped up now it'll be
India Tom cotton what I think orange II
did really well in using their
advantages in the early game by putting
so much pressure on Samsung and I think
the biggest turnover I mean like the
mistake that something made was when the
lane swap it was giving over a kill and
then the turret outer turret on the top
lane I remember last year and North
America you were very excite
about the NA fans cheering for you but I
met a lot of SKT fans here in China and
it does sound like SKT are sorry the
fans here are cheering for you a lot too
what is it like for you to be playing
here in front of Chinese fans curtilage
Pandaria Chattanooga so tokens and you
manage a night in the romantic money and
their criminal could go ahead assault
case you don't get to just walk in and
day for the toy okay but I hit the two
touchy hey mother comes out how cool
they won his regime uncooked room wasn't
poetry attack a pocket equity long time
well I'm sorry but the only thing I can
say to the fans there who are cheering
for me is just I just appreciate your
love and the all the passion that you
show for me very good
you do seem a little less you seem a
little more quiet this year peanut that
I remember from last year is it because
SKT is maybe it's more of a struggle or
why do you seem more serious and quiet
this year oh maybe aesthetic wound was a
reversion they oh boy SKT assignment
bottom where created a continuum of
evolutions isn't gonna be a winning game
a chocolate Angelina and her team
winning on our game we hadn't come to
mr. bokun ever done okay don't finish
that cake go ahead tympani
chakra template in Douma okay much to
monochrome or open it I'm everything I'm
finna be title priority I think is more
about the team atmosphere when I was in
two tigers G Tigers Rox Tigers yes
when I was at Rox Tigers the whole team
was actually being very humorous and the
both inside when we were playing game we
were very of each oKed a lot and the
whole atmosphere was very friendly and
humorous but then in SKT
it is very serious inside the booth and
when the game starts we only focus on
the game so I think that is what makes
the difference did koma tell you not to
laugh or be happy and just focus on
winning
what could see God took him with
Survivor go to come you can enjoy mine
spurting ah okay
so tune in there now coming on deafening
what - well there was no way that he
would ever say that is actually I laugh
a lot I still laugh a lot but I think it
is it is just not on the cam camera very
not very professional is there anything
that you want to say to any of the fans
peanut well apparently it's all I wish
put my decision guy thank you for every
good thank you area thank you so much
for the interview thank you David for
translating for everyone else you can
check out the rest of our coverage of
all things world's right here on my
youtube channel thanks so much for
watching another one of my world's
interviews I want to give a shout out to
mobile it's my coverage sponsor for this
event they are all about helping you
identify your personal strengths and
weaknesses and legal legends so you can
get better and by the way they are also
doing a giveaway so check that out in
the comments and you can sign up at
mobile xgg / Travis